Now what we are concerned with is
to make the effort to understand very,
very well our customers, each of
the customer people.
What is the goal here?
I do not want us to disappear.
The goal here is not to make a very chula
ficha with the customer person and
so that it does not serve for anything.
The goal is that you acquire such
a brutal knowledge of your target
market and your customers,
so brutal that you can
adapt the proposal.
They are not able to understand
their customers well because every time
you learn you get ideas about how
to adapt the proposal.
And I tell you that if you don't do
it, if you haven't adapted the value
proposal, if you don't have customer
insights, it's because you're not learning.
But something super-traxical, super-
practical and you can do tomorrow
is that when you understand your
customers well it's so easy, so
easy to adapt your messages.
Ads, putting an ad on TV or
on a Facebook H is that suddenly
you go to sellers will
sell more, etc.
It's that it's easy to do that when
you understand your customer
well, when you know what's behind it.
You'll invest better in marketing,
etc., and basically the conclusion
of all this is that you'll sell
a lot more.
The goal is to sell a
lot more.
It's not just about customer
marketing and so on.
What is what happens?
People don't know very well, they don't know
how to do this.
Why is it?
Because they don't know what they have
to learn from customers.
And also, because it is not easy.
I tell you that this is not easy.
We know how to do it well.
And every time we make the
effort, sales, lists and everything
multiplies, but we know
it's hard.
So what is the key?
The key is that they are two.
First, that you have the vocation to
do it, that you believe this is important
because otherwise you will not
do it.
People are inertia forgetting
their customers.
Second, you know what you need
to look for from customers.
That is, what is what you have to
analyze of each of those customer
people you already have.
We have a list that I
will comment on above.
They are like different perspectives
or different issues that we
recommend that you all take into
account, but that some will apply
more or apply less in your case.
This is not a closed list, right?
We do not want closed shelves.
So what you have to do is
analyze each of your customer
people from all these
issues and fill it in.
And write it, share it, and
mature it every day.
Every day is the same is an
exaggeration, but really mature
it and do it continuously.
Every time you learn, I tell
you.
That is, every time we do it,
every time we make the effort
to better understand customers,
we realize that we have to
change a lot of things and
when we do it we sell
a lot more.
So we recommend that everyone
do it.
Let's start with the list.
The list of factors you have to
include or analyze of each person
has as multiple perspectives.
And let's start with how to analyze
the customer itself, how to describe it.
You should describe it from
a demographic perspective.
I don't know where you work, where you work,
what kind of things.
You have to understand something about that.
You can describe a little bit
of his biography, his past, his family,
that kind of things that can help
you understand him a little better.
Your profile, your lifestyle, those things
that if you are an adventurer, traveler,
that kind of things.
their attitude to certain things.
Remember, for example, when
we talked about PowerMJ, the attitude
to learn is important here.
Sometimes they are important.
Every client, every customer, every customer, every customer, every customer,
every customer, every customer, every customer, every customer, every customer.
And I have included this, which
is objective, challenges, problems,
and is trying to understand for our
clients what are the important
things in their lives.
We are not talking about ourselves yet.
Important to him or her, what is
it that concerns him, why he would
pay a lot of money, etc.
Well, as you can see, all these
factors help us to have a picture
of the person itself.
You of a friend could
explain this.
For a person you know you would be
able to, because that, it is that
you contextualize more, because
you understand a little more your client
from these perspectives, than they
apply in your case.
Now let's go to this, which I
think is more important.
Instead, customer person templates
usually focus on what is above,
to describe the person, that if
you consult Facebook, that
if you team us, it is that
the potent here I think it is
what we enter now.
And it will help us to understand
our customers much more deeply in
their relationship with us and will
help us a lot to change the
proposal, messages and more.
We need to understand why they buy
us, why they don't buy us.
We have included these perspectives.
The first one is very broad, but
I think the most important one is
that you have to do it.
We force, look, in calls,
all commercials, etc.,
we force this to be filled
up always.
You have to understand
what the customer has.
This is sometimes not easy to
understand or what the benefit
it seeks in you.
Why do you buy you?
Go to the bottom of the matter.
There is always one for what?
There is always one for why, one
why behind when someone buys
something?
There is always.
Sometimes it's something more complex,
deeper, other times it's something more
superfluous, but there's always one
for what.
There is always.
The reason you buy a shirt,
the reason you buy a watch,
the reason you buy a master,
the reason you buy a trip,
there is always a why, a
why.
If you don't understand it, the
reason is very powerful.
Remember that at The Power Envié we
told you that there were people who
bought what they were to
inspire and maybe someday change
their lives and launch a company.
But in the meantime, you know?
These things have to go to the bottom,
to the bottom.
The Stopers.
This is harder to understand, but sometimes
there are things that are stopping
or limiting your customers.
Your customers have goals, but
something stops them or dislikes
them or annoys them or annoys them.
I put the example of The Power
Send Again that you imagine,
the stopper of those dreamer
who have dreams but don't
have time, no money, don't know
where to start, those are the
stopers.
If you are able to identify which
are those stopers that are limiting
or worrying your customers
and you advance them messages,
you will sell a lot more.
So imagine, I don't know, I'm in the fashion
industry or something like that,
because there's someone who
doesn't find certain things.
I don't know how to dress, because that'
s the stopper.
It is very expensive to find.
If you know it, you can get
ahead and you will connect
a lot more.
Alternatives, what is it?
Customers usually have
a problem or they are looking
for something and there are
alternatives.
They can buy you, but they
can also buy from the competition
or they can do it themselves,
etc.
We'll think of a coach that
offers services for managers, for
me I know, with mindfulness,
to be more focused.
I am talking about the march.
What are the alternatives these
leaders have?
Well, then imagine, one that I think of
is, because reading books or things like
that, right?
Or practice them alone.
It is an alternative.
And you imagine that the coach knows
that those managers who are their
target audience, those
alternatives they are resorting
to, because I know, they do not
convince them by whatever, that the
books are not practical.
So, the coach uses it as a message,
stop reading books of I don't know what
and I help you to do so, you know?
And if that's true, if it's true that
the customer is resorting to an alternative
that isn't convincing him and
the coach advances, because
it's that imagine it, it'll connect
phenomenal with the customer.
Another thing we recommend you to
analyze is everything you offer,
because all the companies in the
world offer many things or
many values.
We offer, I know, because success
cases, 15 minutes a day, work
bag, such, because in a restaurant
will have many values.
So that's nice, drinking drinks, that
the food is good, I don't know, you know?
There are many things.
Within every value proposition there
are many values.
It is good that from each customer
person you analyze what are the
results that there are things you
offer, that you think that people
value and nobody values it, so
you will have until you get
it out of the value proposal.
This may be related to the
profit they buy you for,
right?
It may be related, but it's
good to do it from all perspectives.
efforts and costs.
Sometimes value proposals involve
an effort or cost that does
not have to be economical from
the customer's perspective.
For the gym is that you have to go
to the gym and spend an hour, I know,
or it's far away or you have
to park.
I always give an example because it is
very well understood.
Understanding them from the client'
s perspective, what is the effort
that it implies to him or her or them?
What is the effort?
Because when you understand it, in addition
to that you can lower that effort,
at the value proposal level, you
can look for it, imagine if you are
a gym chain, if people are struggling
to park, because you have to
look for places where it can
be easily parked, I know, I don'
t know.
But at the level of marketing, as you
know people are costing that, because
you can sympathize more with them,
you can know they will have that
objection, etc., and the
advertisers will help them.
Another important point, how do you
see your customers, that customer
person, how do you see the market
in relation to the competition?
Because often you have an idea
and your competitors, but it is
that customers perceive it differently.
Why are they buying you?
Why not buy you?
Or if they buy you, what do they
value, what do they think is better
than the competition?
You know, this is very powerful, what
is it that you don't like about the competition?
Is it related to the alternatives
above?
There are many things that are
related, but it is good to
have all the perspectives.
It's fine that you understand this,
customers now or buy competitors,
but it's that they don't like
this from competitors,
I know, you know?
Because the masters are not practical,
because it's great, you already understand,
that people have that in their
heads and then you advance.
All this we have seen, all these
perspectives of analysis, if you
are able to know how all that
speech, how it is inside the
minds of people, with what words
they express it, the masters
are a connage, I know, you know?
That is the last example we'
ve talked about, but all that,
the problems they have, why
buy you, another?
What are they doing now?
If you are able to explain it with
the words they have in their head,
you don't know how it will improve
the results of everything you do,
it's that copies, the web, the
ads, everything will improve
a lot, because people connect
with that.
If I am a client of a coach and it turns
out that I am tired of reading books
of I don't know what, and you tell
me and I see it on the web, I stop reading
books of such and I help you and I
find that I identify with that, because
it's that you imagine, you know?
I will leave the data.
Conversation in the mind of the
client, we'll learn to do this,
you know?
To identify them and create copies or
messages that will be adapted, we
will see examples.
Any other things that would be
good to know about each of the
customer people?
These are probably easier.
So, what are the channels
through which we can
get to them?
This is easier, because what media
consult, if you use social media,
television, this, the other, you know?
Offline or whatever.
When you understand your client
well, it's easy.
How do you make the decision?
This is very well.
Analyses in the decision process, in that
customer journey, in the customer
journey, from when he knows you until
he makes the decision, how does
he make the decision?
What steps do you take?
What are you looking for?
What worries him?
The objections.
The objections the customer
has, this is very important.
It is related to the above, but
if you are able to identify
the objections of each of the customer
people, it is that you will
sell a lot more, because
you will advance.
Another issue is influencers, which
is related to how it makes the decision,
who participates in the buying
process, who consults and
more.
There are sometimes people who
are involved in this process, which is
not a single person.
Well, it's good to identify
it because it will help you a lot.
And you also have to understand
customers, you have to make the
effort to understand them how
they act as customers after buying.
How you use our product, how and
when you use it.
This is OK.
It may be related to what, but
there will be different customer
person who use you in one
way.
Remember the haircut.
Because there are people who go back
and forth because their hair grows and
there is also another use that is for
an event, I know.
The girls at a wedding on Saturday
morning, I don't know.
What do you expect and what do you get?
What are the expectations you have?
What is your customer experience
and what is your customer
satisfaction level?
Are they loyal customers?
Is it faithful or not?
Buy only once?
Are they recommended?
Are they viral?
Well, they are perspectives that you
have to analyze and you have to
analyze for each of the customer
person because it will give you
a lot of information.
We have already seen them all.
I would recommend you take all of
this into account, even if it
seems like they are a lot.
I assure you, you'll be
a lot better in marketing
if you can really answer
all of this.
So many things will happen to you.
Evolve your proposal, new
messages, etc.
So do it.
Take into account all, analyze each
customer person from all of them and
write them, write them and
share and reflect on them, etc.
Grow it up because the information
it will give you will absolutely
change how you address them.